earliest memory would would probably be
my my first day at drama group because
uh right to sort of like to put my name
down and wait like two years and you
know I kept going there every week even
though it was like I'd only just sort of
put my name down if I could dance with
anyone in the world it would probably be
Jessica Alba my biggest indulgence would
be a good food and good wine if I was
invisible for a day I would probably
love to spend the day with someone like
Stevie Wonder who is like my idol I love
it I'm actually really quite looking
forward to some of these outfits on
Strictly because uh you know every you
know if I've mentioned if the people
that have done it before and they're
like you know all what about the outfits
were over here and it always seems to be
a big part of the this program and I'm
like well you know it's all fun so I'm
quite looking forward to getting into
some sequins and some you know maybe
some leggings